README.md, before:

# DismissibleHelpers #

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dockyard/dismissible_helpers.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dockyard/dismissible_helpers)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/badge.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dockyard/dismissible_helpers)



## Installation ##

In your Gemfile add the following:

```ruby
gem 'dismissible_helpers'
```

## What you get ##

## Usage ##

DismissibleHelpers includes:

  * DismissibleHelpers View Helper - Renders the helper only if the
visitor has not dismissed it
  * DismissedHelpers Routes and controller - Handles the JavaScript
requests to store the dismissal state
  * DismissedHelpers Javascript - Handles the front end interactions
with the helpers

### Default Behavior ###

By default, DismissibleHelpers will use cookies to track the state of
the dismissed helpers. 

### Adding a dismissible helper to your page ###

To add a dismissible helper to the page, call
`render_dismissible_helper`. This helper method will only display the
help text if it has not been dismissed by the user. The string passed to
the method will be processed by the I18n method `t`, so the content of
the help message should be stored in your localization file.

```erb
<h2>Sample Page</h2>
<%= render_dismissible_helper 'sample_page.help_text' %>
```

### Including the routes ###

Add `dismissible_helpers_routes` to your `config/routes.rb` file.

### Including the JavaScript ##

Add the following to your `app/assets/javascripts/application.js`

```javascript
// Your other require file statements
//= require dismissed_helpers

$(function(){
  $('.dismissible').dismissible(); //The view helper applies a
                                   //'dismissible' class to each helper div
});
```

By default, the dismissed helper is removed from the page via
`$().remove()`. This can be customized by passing a callback to the
`.dismissible()` call. To use jQuery's `.slideUp()` you would use the
following call'

```javascript
$(function(){
  $('.dismissible').dismissible({
    success: function(helper){
      helper.slideUp(); //'helper' is the jQuery-wrapped element
    }
  });
});
```
### Using authenticated user ###

DismissibleHelpers will store the dismissed helpers on a model. 
If the helper method `current_user` is available, DismissibleHelpers
will use this to retrieve the current user/account.

The model should have an attribute called `dismissed_helpers` which should
be an array type. You can use ActiveRecord's serialization to achieve this:

 1 Add this `dismissed_helpers` column as a `text` column

```ruby
class AddDismissedHelpersToAccounts < ActiveRecord::Migration
  def up
    add_column :accounts, :dismissed_helpers, :text
  end

  def down
    remove_column :accounts, :dismissed_helpers
  end
end
```

 2 Add the serization call to the model

```ruby
class Account < ActiveRecord::Base
  serialize :dismissed_helpers, Array
end
```

If you are using PostgreSQL as your database, you could use
`postgres_ext` to add native array support to your models. You would
just need the following migration to add the dismissed_helpers attribute
to your model:

```ruby
class AddDismissedHelpersToAccounts < ActiveRecord::Migration
  def up
    add_column :accounts, :dismissed_helpers, :string, :array => true
  end

  def down
    remove_column :accounts, :dismissed_helpers
  end
end
```

Your model does not need to be called Account, it just needs the
`dismissed_helpers` attribute.

## Authors ##

[Dan McClain](http://twitter.com/_danmcclain)

[We are very thankful for the many contributors](https://github.com/dockyard/dismissible_helpers/graphs/contributors)

## Versioning ##

This gem follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org)

## Legal ##

[DockYard](http://dockyard.com), LLC &copy; 2012

[@dockyard](http://twitter.com/dockyard)

[Licensed under the MIT license](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

Commit message:

Accept blocks to render more complicated html in dismissible divs

README.md, after:

# DismissibleHelpers #

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dockyard/dismissible_helpers.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dockyard/dismissible_helpers)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/badge.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dockyard/dismissible_helpers)



## Installation ##

In your Gemfile add the following:

```ruby
gem 'dismissible_helpers'
```

## What you get ##

## Usage ##

DismissibleHelpers includes:

  * DismissibleHelpers View Helper - Renders the helper only if the
visitor has not dismissed it
  * DismissedHelpers Routes and controller - Handles the JavaScript
requests to store the dismissal state
  * DismissedHelpers Javascript - Handles the front end interactions
with the helpers

### Default Behavior ###

By default, DismissibleHelpers will use cookies to track the state of
the dismissed helpers. 

### Adding a dismissible helper to your page ###

To add a dismissible helper to the page, call
`render_dismissible_helper`. This helper method will only display the
help text if it has not been dismissed by the user.

#### Without a block

The string passed to the method will be processed by the I18n method `t`, so the content of the help message should be stored in your localization file.

```erb
<h2>Sample Page</h2>
<%= render_dismissible_helper 'sample_page.help_text' %>
```

#### With a block

The string passed to the method will be used as a key, to track whether or not the user has dismissed it. The contents of the block will appear inside the dismissible div. This is particularly useful if you want to have a more complex structure in the block.

```erb
<%= render_dismissible_helper 'how_to_buy' do %>
  <h2>How to buy stuff</h2>
  <p>To buy stuff, click look at this:</p>
  <img src="http://domain.com/img.jpg">
<% end %>
```


### Including the routes ###

Add `dismissible_helpers_routes` to your `config/routes.rb` file.

### Including the JavaScript ##

Add the following to your `app/assets/javascripts/application.js`

```javascript
// Your other require file statements
//= require dismissed_helpers

$(function(){
  $('.dismissible').dismissible(); //The view helper applies a
                                   //'dismissible' class to each helper div
});
```

By default, the dismissed helper is removed from the page via
`$().remove()`. This can be customized by passing a callback to the
`.dismissible()` call. To use jQuery's `.slideUp()` you would use the
following call'

```javascript
$(function(){
  $('.dismissible').dismissible({
    success: function(helper){
      helper.slideUp(); //'helper' is the jQuery-wrapped element
    }
  });
});
```
### Using authenticated user ###

DismissibleHelpers will store the dismissed helpers on a model. 
If the helper method `current_user` is available, DismissibleHelpers
will use this to retrieve the current user/account.

The model should have an attribute called `dismissed_helpers` which should
be an array type. You can use ActiveRecord's serialization to achieve this:

 1 Add this `dismissed_helpers` column as a `text` column

```ruby
class AddDismissedHelpersToAccounts < ActiveRecord::Migration
  def up
    add_column :accounts, :dismissed_helpers, :text
  end

  def down
    remove_column :accounts, :dismissed_helpers
  end
end
```

 2 Add the serization call to the model

```ruby
class Account < ActiveRecord::Base
  serialize :dismissed_helpers, Array
end
```

If you are using PostgreSQL as your database, you could use
`postgres_ext` to add native array support to your models. You would
just need the following migration to add the dismissed_helpers attribute
to your model:

```ruby
class AddDismissedHelpersToAccounts < ActiveRecord::Migration
  def up
    add_column :accounts, :dismissed_helpers, :string, :array => true
  end

  def down
    remove_column :accounts, :dismissed_helpers
  end
end
```

Your model does not need to be called Account, it just needs the
`dismissed_helpers` attribute.

## Authors ##

[Dan McClain](http://twitter.com/_danmcclain)

[We are very thankful for the many contributors](https://github.com/dockyard/dismissible_helpers/graphs/contributors)

## Versioning ##

This gem follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org)

## Legal ##

[DockYard](http://dockyard.com), LLC &copy; 2012

[@dockyard](http://twitter.com/dockyard)

[Licensed under the MIT license](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
